Here is another
exercise. I want you to implement this function.
Function isLandscape, it takes two parameters,
width, and height of an image, and returns true
if the image is landscape, which means width is greater than
height, otherwise it returns false. Now you may think this
is similar to the exercise in the last lecture, in fact it is, but I want you to
do this exercise because I'm going to give you a simple and affective tip to
write better code. So pause the video, do the exercise, and then come back
and continue watching.
Alright, so similar to the last lecture, we can start
with a simple if and else. So if width is greater than
height, you want to return true, otherwise we want to return
false. But I told you that in this case we
can use the conditional operator, so,
we add the condition if width is greater than height,
we can return true, otherwise we'll return false.
And here's our return statement, right? So here's the implementation
of this function, however code like this looks very
amateurish. You don't want to return true or false
explicitly. This is very ugly. Why? Well, let me show you.
We can completely delete this part here
and simply return the value
of this expression. So if width is greater than
height, this expression will be evaluated to true. So,
you will simply return true. Otherwise, if width
is less than height, this expression will evaluate to false, sun will
return false. So there is really no need to explicitly return
true and false here, that's a pour way of writing code.
So, now we have this function, let's test
it. We can do a console.log, simply call this
function here isLandscape, I'm going to pass these dimensions
800 by 600. So we expect true on the
console. Save the changes, here's true, beautiful,
now let's change the width to let's say 300. Now we have
a vertical image. Save. So we get false.